# https://ghostty.org/docs/config

# Theme
theme = Catppuccin Mocha

# Font
font-family = "Jetbrains Mono"
font-style = Regular
font-size = 11

# Window
window-padding-x = 20,20
window-padding-y = 20,20
window-decoration = none
window-colorspace = "display-p3"
window-height = 35
window-width = 130
window-position-x = 1
window-position-y = 1
quit-after-last-window-closed=true
background-opacity = 99
background-blur-radius = 100
confirm-close-surface=false
resize-overlay = never

# Cursor styling
cursor-style = "block"
cursor-style-blink = false
shell-integration-features = no-cursor,sudo,no-title
mouse-hide-while-typing = true
auto-update = off

confirm-close-surface = false
shell-integration = fish

# Keyboard bindings
keybind = ctrl+t=toggle_maximize
keybind = ctrl+u=clear_screen
keybind = ctrl+q=close_surface

keybind = ctrl+h=goto_split:left
keybind = ctrl+shift+h=new_split:left
keybind = ctrl+k=goto_split:up
keybind = ctrl+shift+k=new_split:up
keybind = ctrl+j=goto_split:down
keybind = ctrl+shift+j=new_split:down
keybind = ctrl+l=goto_split:right
keybind = ctrl+shift+l=new_split:right

keybind = alt+h=resize_split:left,10
keybind = alt+l=resize_split:right,10
keybind = alt+k=resize_split:up,10
keybind = alt+j=resize_split:down,10
